0
Title: Embodied Question Answering
Abstract: We present a new AI task -- Embodied Question Answering (EmbodiedQA) -- where an agent is spawned at a random location in a 3D environment and asked a question ("What color is the car?"). In order to answer, the agent must first intelligently navigate to explore the environment, gather necessary visual information through first-person (egocentric) vision, and then answer the question ("orange"). EmbodiedQA requires a range of AI skills -- language understanding, visual recognition, active perception, goal-driven navigation, commonsense reasoning, long-term memory, and grounding language into actions. In this work, we develop a dataset of questions and answers in House3D environments, evaluation metrics, and a hierarchical model trained with imitation and reinforcement learning.


1
Title: Learning by Asking Questions
Abstract: We introduce an interactive learning framework for the development and testing of intelligent visual systems, called learning-by-asking (LBA). We explore LBA in context of the Visual Question Answering (VQA) task. LBA differs from standard VQA training in that most questions are not observed during training time, and the learner must ask questions it wants answers to. Thus, LBA more closely mimics natural learning and has the potential to be more data-efficient than the traditional VQA setting. We present a model that performs LBA on the CLEVR dataset, and show that it automatically discovers an easy-to-hard curriculum when learning interactively from an oracle. Our LBA generated data consistently matches or outperforms the CLEVR train data and is more sample efficient. We also show that our model asks questions that generalize to state-of-the-art VQA models and to novel test time distributions.


2
Title: Finding Tiny Faces in the Wild With Generative Adversarial Network
Abstract: Face detection techniques have been developed for decades, and one of remaining open challenges is detecting small faces in unconstrained conditions. The reason is that tiny faces are often lacking detailed information and blurring. In this paper, we proposed an algorithm to directly generate a clear high-resolution face from a blurry small one by adopting a generative adversarial network (GAN). Toward this end, the basic GAN formulation achieves it by super-resolving and refining sequentially (e.g. SR-GAN and cycle-GAN). However, we design a novel network to address the problem of super-resolving and refining jointly. We also introduce new training losses to guide the generator network to recover fine details and to promote the discriminator network to distinguish real vs. fake and face vs. non-face simultaneously. Extensive experiments on the challenging dataset WIDER FACE demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method in restoring a clear high-resolution face from a blurry small one, and show that the detection performance outperforms other state-of-the-art methods.


3
Title: Learning Face Age Progression: A Pyramid Architecture of GANs
Abstract: The two underlying requirements of face age progression, i.e. aging accuracy and identity permanence, are not well studied in the literature. In this paper, we present a novel generative adversarial network based approach. It separately models the constraints for the intrinsic subject-specific characteristics and the age-specific facial changes with respect to the elapsed time, ensuring that the generated faces present desired aging effects while simultaneously keeping personalized properties stable. Further, to generate more lifelike facial details, high-level age-specific features conveyed by the synthesized face are estimated by a pyramidal adversarial discriminator at multiple scales, which simulates the aging effects in a finer manner. The proposed method is applicable to diverse face samples in the presence of variations in pose, expression, makeup, etc., and remarkably vivid aging effects are achieved. Both visual fidelity and quantitative evaluations show that the approach advances the state-of-the-art.


4
Title: PairedCycleGAN: Asymmetric Style Transfer for Applying and Removing Makeup
Abstract: This paper introduces an automatic method for editing a portrait photo so that the subject appears to be wearing makeup in the style of another person in a reference photo. Our unsupervised learning approach relies on a new framework of cycle-consistent generative adversarial networks. Different from the image domain transfer problem, our style transfer problem involves two asymmetric functions: a forward function encodes example-based style transfer, whereas a backward function removes the style. We construct two coupled networks to implement these functions -- one that transfers makeup style and a second that can remove makeup -- such that the output of their successive application to an input photo will match the input. The learned style network can then quickly apply an arbitrary makeup style to an arbitrary photo. We demonstrate the effectiveness on a broad range of portraits and styles.
